README.md, before:

# Simple News App - Rails Competency Test
To get started please fork this project and carefully read the following instructions.

Commit all of the code to your fork of this project. If you screen record yourself working through the competency test you'll get *(Extra Credit)*

## User Personas
The project will have multiple roles that interact with each other.
* Guest (No Login)
* Vanilla Users (Logged in - No special role)
* Editor Users
* Admin Users *(Extra Credit)*

## User Functionality
##### Guests (No Login)
* Can see homepage with first 3 articles from each category.
* Can see article index page.
* Are sent to signup page if they want to see article show page.
* Can signup
* Can Login

##### Vanilla Users
* Can see everything a guest can
* Can see article show pages. 
* Can logout

##### Editor Users
* Can do everything a vanilla User can.
* Can create articles
* Can delete articles that they created
* Can edit articles that they created

##### Admin User *(Extra Credit)*
* Can create users and set roles.
* Can edit users and change roles.
* Can't edit/destroy/create articles.

## Article Table
Table will contain **title**, **content**, **category**, **user_id**.

## Roles
Use one of these gems: Petergate *(Preferred)*, Pundit, Cancancan.
###### Role Names
* user
* editor
* admin *(Extra Credit)*

## Database
Use sqlite

## Testing
Use minitest as the test suite. 

## Authentication
Devise can be used for authentication.

## Templating
slim *(Prefered)*, haml, erb

Commit message:

add bootstrap, devise and rolify to project.  just getting started

README.md, after:

# Simple News App - Rails Competency Test For T2Modus

This application has been made in compliance with instructions at: https://github.com/t2modus/rails-developer-test

I did not record myself working on it so no extra credit :( 

I have not spent much time trying to deliver a fancy UI or UX.  I am shooting to demonstrate basic functionality and compentency and if you'd like to see more, please ask.  This is being working into a very busy schedule as I wrap up my current job and deal with some pressing family issues.  I am willing to go deeper if necessary so please let me know.

Commit all of the code to your fork of this project. If you screen record yourself working through the competency test you'll get *(Extra Credit)*

## User Personas
The project will have multiple roles that interact with each other.
* Guest (No Login)
* Vanilla Users (Logged in - No special role)
* Editor Users
* Admin Users *(Extra Credit)*

## User Functionality
##### Guests (No Login)
* Can see homepage with first 3 articles from each category.
* Can see article index page.
* Are sent to signup page if they want to see article show page.
* Can signup
* Can Login

##### Vanilla Users
* Can see everything a guest can
* Can see article show pages. 
* Can logout

##### Editor Users
* Can do everything a vanilla User can.
* Can create articles
* Can delete articles that they created
* Can edit articles that they created

##### Admin User *(Extra Credit)*
* Can create users and set roles.
* Can edit users and change roles.
* Can't edit/destroy/create articles.

## Article Table
Table will contain **title**, **content**, **category**, **user_id**.

## Roles
Use one of these gems: Petergate *(Preferred)*, Pundit, Cancancan.
###### Role Names
* user
* editor
* admin *(Extra Credit)*

## Database
Use sqlite

## Testing
Use minitest as the test suite. 

## Authentication
Devise can be used for authentication.

## Templating
slim *(Prefered)*, haml, erb
